atlasaction: add `migrate/diff` action (#379)
ariga/atlas-action: README.md

| [ariga/atlas-action/migrate/down](#arigaatlas-actionmigratedown)              | Revert migrations to a database                                                     |
| [ariga/atlas-action/migrate/test](#arigaatlas-actionmigratetest)              | Test migrations on a database                                                       |
| [ariga/atlas-action/migrate/autorebase](#arigaatlas-actionmigrateautorebase)  | Fix `atlas.sum` conflicts in migration directory                                    |

> | [ariga/atlas-action/migrate/plan](#arigaatlas-actionmigrateplan)              | Run Migrate diff and commit the changes to the migration directory                  |

Reviewer: migrate plan is not a thing. Use migrate diff instead.

        dir: file://migrations
```

### `ariga/atlas-action/migrate/diff`

> Generate and lint migrations automatically, then commit the changes to the migration directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically generate versioned migrations whenever the schema is changed, commit them to the migration directory, and run lint to validate the result.
```

> **Note**
>

> > After pushing the changes to the migration directory,
> > no other workflows will be triggered unless the action is running with a personal access token (PAT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After committing the changes to the migration directory, no other workflows will be triggered unless the action is run with a personal access token (PAT).
```
